Contributing guidelines (#172)
edgelesssys/marblerun: CONTRIBUTING.md

## First steps

> Thank you for getting involved! Before you start, please make sure to familiarize yourself with the documentation on https://www.marblerun.sh/docs/introduction/
> 
> Please take note of our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and follow it when interacting with our project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for getting involved! Before you start, please familiarize yourself with the [documentation](https://www.marblerun.sh/docs/introduction/).

Please follow our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) when interacting with this project.
```

If you want to support our development:
* Add a GitHub Star to the project
* Share our projects on social media
* Join the [Confidential Computing Discord](https://discord.gg/rH8QTH56JN)

> Marblerun is licensed under the [Mozilla Public License 2.0](https://github.com/edgelesssys/marblerun/blob/master/LICENSE). When contributing, you also need to agree to our [Contributor License Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/edgelesssys/edgelessrt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marblerun is licensed under the [Mozilla Public License 2.0](LICENSE). When contributing, you also need to agree to our [Contributor License Agreement](https://cla-assistant.io/edgelesssys/marblerun).
```

## Development guidelines

> Use the standard [Go styleguide](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html). Read [Common Review Comments](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adhere to the style and best practices described in [Effective Go](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html). Read [Common Review Comments](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments) for further information.
```
Effective Go is not about style only

## Pull request process

Submissions should remain focused in scope and avoid containing unrelated commits.
For pull requests, we employ the following workflow:
1. Fork the repository to your own GitHub account
2. Create a branch locally with a descriptive name
3. Commit changes to the branch

> 4. Write your code according to our development philosophy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Write your code according to our development guidelines
```

5. Push changes to your fork
6. Clean up your commit history
7. Open a PR in our repository and summarize the changes in the description

## Reporting issues and bugs
This project uses the GitHub issue tracker. Please check the existing issues before submitting to avoid duplicates. If you have a quick question, you may also ask us on Discord.

To report a security issue, contact security@edgeless.systems.

Your bug report should cover the following points:
*	A quick summary and/or background of the issue
*	Steps to reproduce (be specific, e.g., provide sample code)
*	What you expected would happen
*	What actually happens
*	Further notes:

>     * Toughts on possible causes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Thoughts on possible causes
```

    * Tested workarounds or fixes

## Major changes and feature requests

> Larger changes to the codebase are best discussed with its maintainers before starting – you can get in touch at contact@edgeless.systems. For more immediate communication with our Devs and other community members please join our Discord server https://discord.com/invite/rH8QTH56JN

Reviewer: remember to replace this paragraph with the one from ERT
